it's true when something will happen to the ability to understand how it works
according to the magic
and that is
precisely what the ipad does
it is difficult to understand how something so simple so delicate ica lightweight
It can be so capable
the iphone was a revolution we already asked so much of him
slaty so many new technologies the applications the interfaces
it was really
an innovative product and we wanted to overcome that
and apply it to all a product new cases the altar is the best experience
to browse the internet to watch photos and movies
if it's going to change the way we do the things we do all the
days the face of the product is defined if like a car
perazzo multitouch glass castle
there is no guidance I do not know
there is no right or wrong way for noise
not change me
to adjust to the products product fit
we looked at the device if we decided that we could
redesign it you must imagine to rebuild
each of the applications
and adapt it specifically to the ipad this
we could improve it
not just a little bit more without a magnitude
much larger
the altar is the best way to surf the internet
It's like having a magazine or a book or newspaper in your hands
is having internet in your hands as you navigate
and with a screen that size
you can see more
from Internet
particularly for example
on Wednesday we can see all the stories
and if we see something
we do not touch
and it gets bigger you do not even have to think about it
you just do it
on the list
It also gives me possibilities functionalities immediately
you can see and belts and month very quickly and in a funny way
because he does it with your own hands
you can use the keyboard
to write one and a half
6 this keyboard before almost the same size as that of a we by
example
If they want
we want to see a photograph in a weather team showed tarlovsky so we can
We concentrate on the content that interests us
in list 3 the best way to see and share photos
you can see all the albums
they
8 yes you can this expensive to enlarge ap
today and so to be able to see all the photographs they want to share with
friends
they just do not turn
and on the ipad it automatically adjusts the photograph the correct orientation
this is an amazing site type to watch videos
the sportsfans
face of users these very credible
when we see something we touch it
we started to give no
the quality of the video is amazing
we doubled 2 we played twice
it stops
also has a very good application to read more peace that is very fast
and there is also an application
for german darío as never seen before
another thing that we are excited about that country bush
you can read books that is really a pleasure
but not only can you read the books
but it also turns
and reveals a whole library of costumes to
and with the finger you can buy and download books immediately begin
to read them
in this way we have three bulls in him there are parents l addictions the of the
applications and now that's where it worked
in it attentive payet
does not fall more than 240 nil
applications that are available and can be loaded on it there are parents
then all the ways can be used
we can play
there are so many
and also the developers are going to be doing specific applications
for the ipad
so it's going to be a whole new range of applications for the iphone
the ipad 2
this most advanced technology with which I have worked
the product innovator starts with this multi-touch function
is the most advanced that has been included in a product and in this size this
really we
realizes the power
represents
two
having both sensors in this design
The huila precises bel the multi-touch functionary is
amazing
p
I think our fifth experience of our clients with this is going to be
amazing
Holds an artist and ld act functionality shown
in the screen display
this is a technology based in irun that not only provides a great
experience on the device
if not also when sharing the device with another person
the answer
of this device is so good and you can really feel how it works
and that has to do
for the silicon that rose mons for
on the ipad
then to pink by a specialized team improves
the performance
in a way that I can understand imaginable
also allows the battery to run all day
has the battery technology of the software
and with all this together
we put them together in a way that other people could not do
one of the most important characteristics of the design of the daughter that
is
Usually when you have the new technologies that starts a very price
high
and as more accessible decrease
we wanted to do it in a different agile way
we wanted to take this technology
very advanced all this software
and make frost
to hands in the mass amount of people possible
the discharge starts 499 and this is very exciting
links the father on the one hand
this is much bigger than a new product is a new category without
But missions and millions of people are going to feel solidarity with him
to know how to use it
this defines many ways our vision and our sense of what I say